well here we've got two 14 pound turkeys
this one has been cooked for eight hours
now just have a look at that skin
it's withered it's sunken I can feel the
flesh is going to be dry now look at the
flesh here it's soft it's tender it's
going to be succulent inside how long
has that one been cooked for hours
believe me four hours if you're using a
14 pound bird four hours will be plenty
and that's going to feed probably eight
to ten people and I promise you I'm
going to show you exactly how you can
achieve this with nothing but simplicity
and flavor in mind so just imagine it's
Christmas Eve now this is a fresh turkey
if you're using frozen that's fine but
make sure it's well defrosted that's
very important so there we have it the
bird simple next of course is that
classic pork and chestnut stuffing which
works so well with turkey what I've got
here 750 grams of pork sausage meat and
then two that I've added two onions
finely chopped some chopped sage the
zest of two lemons finely grated 200
grams of chestnuts there's a hundred
grams of white bread crumbs and there's
two apples just peeled and grated gives
a lovely little sweet flavour and works
well with that lemon also there's two
eggs salt pepper and a little bit of
ground mace to give there little spicy
finish now the first thing I've done is
that you taken another butter the two
onions and just lightly cooked them in
the butter and then I've added to that
the lemon zest and the sage just allow
that to cool before you literally go in
to mix all the ingredients together it's
as simple as that just throw them all
into the bowl with the sausage meat mix
well and this is what you will have a
lovely delicious chestnut and pork sage
and onion stuffing now we'll get you
going to start the bird itself what I've
actually done is loosened up the skin
this makes some space here and I've
pushed my hands underneath the skin
between the breasts like that we're
making that
of opening gap what am I going to do
next well I've got some butter here look
at this all you do now push it
underneath like that scrape it off the
spoon let's go for one more let's be a
little bit extravagant now I know you're
saying it's travelling but just remember
it is Christmas we can afford to do this
because it's extra flavour so butter is
in now what you do just push it across
the breast like that right now we're
gonna actually stuff the bird turner
over and of course we've already
released that skin from the actual
breast itself so there's plenty of room
to put the stuffing in here now this is
delicious because that's going to add
extra flavor as well also that batter
will run down the breast and it's going
to actually get into the stuffing so
even this is gonna be more flavoursome
next we just literally pull that across
there's plenty in there what we're going
to need is just a couple of cocktail
sticks push that through in fact even
just one will do and will hold all of
that in